"Transfer of the patient to the operating theater and positioning of the patient. Introductory consultation with the anesthesiologist and performance of the team time-out. Start with induction of ileus, for this reason tracheoscopy is omitted after consultation with anesthesia. Now esophagoscopy. This shows the small stomach filled with blood clots. No active bleeding or mass can be seen. On retraction, the entire length of the oesophagus is seen with a whitish coating and some reddish areas, but without evidence of deeper erosion or bleeding. Now panendoscopy. Inspection of the oral cavity reveals an ulcer approx. 1 1/2 cm long on the posterior palatal arch, which can be palpated as slightly hardened, and the upper tonsil pole on the left side is palpable. The palatal arch or glossotonsillar groove, tonsillar lobe and tongue are free on the right side. The base of the tongue is also palpable. The vallecula and epiglottis are also inconspicuous, as are the posterior and lateral pharyngeal walls. The piriform sinus can be opened very well on both sides. The postcricoid region also opens well and is free. In Cormack I, the vocal folds are easily adjustable up to the anterior commissure and are also inconspicuous. The Mc Ivor blade is now inserted and the mass removed by excisional biopsy with the helium laser. Care is taken to ensure that there is an approx. 1 cm margin around the mass. The left half of the uvula is missing. The tonsil itself is very small and remains intact. The specimen is marked with sutures and a resection is made in the lateral part if the mucosa hardens. The frozen section shows an invasive squamous cell carcinoma resected in sano. A piece of hardened mucosa that does not appear suspicious is resected as a lateral resection and sent for final histology. After a second look, there is no evidence of bleeding in the tonsil lobe. After a final consultation with the anesthesiologist, the operation is terminated. The patient should be presented at the interdisciplinary tumor conference."